Disable bad-docstring-quotes for <= 3.7 (#5526)
PyCQA/pylint: doc/whatsnew/2.13.rst

    Docstring classification is now based on the highest amount of matched sections instead
    of the order in which the docstring styles were tried.

* ``DocStringStyleChecker``

>     * Disable checker ``bad-docstring-quotes`` for Python <= 3.7, because in this versions the line
>       numbers decorated functions and classes are not reliable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Disable checker ``bad-docstring-quotes`` for Python <= 3.7, because in these versions the line
      numbers for decorated functions and classes are not reliable which interferes with the checker.
```
